Overview
Start date: September 2022
Duration: 3 years (4 years for MSci)
Fees: UK - £9,250. Overseas: £31,200
Application deadline: 26 January 2022
Entry: Grades AAA. Other qualifications are accepted.
The world’s leading companies need people who can operate in complex, innovation-intensive, data-driven environments; people who can analyse problems using quantitative tools and qualitative methods, take decisions in the face of uncertainty and risk, and deliver results through people. The Management Science BSc/MSci programme provides a rigorous, practical foundation in these critical skills.
UCL’s Management Science BSc/MSci programme launched in September 2014. Unlike any other undergraduate degree in the UK, the programme provides exceptional individuals with a high performance, high trust environment that develops both deep technological skills and advanced social and emotional skills.

The UCL School of Management is a different kind of business school. It is focused on technology, innovation, entrepreneurship and analytics, and how they are changing management practice in the world’s best organisations.
The Management Science programme includes 12 intense Scenario Weeks during which you will work in teams to address complex interdisciplinary management problems.
The Management Science programme will provide you with an opportunity to develop strong quantitative and analytical skills, an in-depth understanding of how companies work, and a rigorous foundation in the key skills needed to build successful careers with a global business tackling world-scale problems. 
You will also benefit from being part of UCL Engineering, UCL’s Faculty of Engineering Sciences, and take an Engineering Sciences Minor in Years 2 and 3. This provides an opportunity to work with students from other departments and develop knowledge and skills in a specific technology or application area. You will also have the option to study a modern foreign language as your Minor.
On graduation, you will have strong leadership and communication skills and the ability to work flexibly, creatively and internationally in a range of areas, including high-growth companies, management consulting firms and the finance sector.
Degree Programmes
UCAS N990: Management Science MSci 4 years
UCAS N991: Management Science BSc 3 years
 
	Download brochure

Programme
UCL’s Management Science programmes provide students with an in-depth knowledge and understanding of management science and how it can be applied in practice. Students will develop a critical appreciation of the relevant principles of mathematics, engineering and science and how they can be applied in complex, innovation-intensive, data-driven environments.
Management Science BSc
In Year 1, you will take eight modules that will provide you with a rigorous foundation in key concepts and tools that underpin the practice of management. In The Art and Science of Management, you will learn how organisations create, deliver and capture value, and explore the range of interdisciplinary problems faced by managers operating in complex, innovation-intensive, data-driven environments. You will take two mathematics modules on, covering calculus, dynamic modelling and linear algebra, and two modules on Business Economics. You will take a module on Critical Analytical Thinking, designed to provide you with the concepts and tools required to analyse complex issues and develop powerful, well-grounded arguments, and your first module on Data Analytics. You will also take a module on Behavioural Science, which will introduce you to the key concepts and principles underlying the systematic investigation and analysis of human behaviour.  

	Each term, you will also undertake two Scenario Weeks. During a Scenario Week you will be given a real interdisciplinary management problem that you will work on in teams. Your objective is to develop a practical solution using whatever knowledge and tools you need. The Scenario Weeks will be challenging. But so is business.
In Year 2, you will take core modules on Strategy, Operations Management and Finance to broaden your understanding of how companies work. You will take additional modules on Mathematics, Data Analytics and Computational Thinking to further to develop your quantitative skills, and a module on Design. You will also select and start your Engineering Sciences Minor.

	In Year 3, you will take additional core modules on Marketing Science and Decision Science and a second Finance module. You will also take a module on Delivering Results Through People. You will also finish the Engineering Sciences Minor you started in Year 2 and complete your dissertation.
Management Science MSci
The four-year programme offers students an extra year over the Management Science BSc to extend their knowledge and skills in specialist areas. In Year 4, students take core courses in International Strategy, Technology and Digital Strategy, Leadership and Communication, and Organisational Behaviour. Students also complete a Management Science Concentration and a Group Consultancy Project.
To view information about the modules on this programme, enter the module titles below (eg The Art and Science of Management) in UCL’s Online Module Catalogue.



Year
Term 1
Term 2


Year 1

MSIN0009 The Art and Science of Management
MSIN0010 Data Analytics I (Statistics and Data Mining)
MSIN0011 Mathematics I (Calculus) 
MSIN0012 Business Economics I


MSIN0013 Critical Analytical Thinking
MSIN0014 Behavioural Science
MSIN0015 Mathematics II (Linear Algebra)
MSIN0016 Business Economics II



Year 2

MSIN0020 Strategy By Design
MSIN0022 Mathematics III (Probability Theory)
MSIN0023 Computational Thinking
MSIN0026 Product, Technology and Operations


MSIN0024 Design
MSIN0025 Data Analytics II (Machine Learning and Forecasting)
MSIN0045 Finance I (Financial Analysis)
				Engineering Sciences Minor I


Year 3

MSIN0041 Marketing Science
MSIN0021 Finance II (Investment Management)
MSIN0032 Management Science Dissertation
Engineering Sciences Minor II


MSIN0042 Decision Science
MSIN0043 Delivering Results Through People
MSIN0032 Management Science Dissertation
Engineering Sciences Minor III




Year 4
(MSci only)


MSIN0141 Group Consultancy Project I
MSIN0142 Organisational Behaviour
MSIN0092 Technology and Digital Strategy
Optional Module I


MSIN0141 Group Consultancy Project II
MSIN0055 International Strategy
MSIN0077 Leadership and Communication
Optional Module II




Minors and Concentrations
Students take an Engineering Sciences Minor in Years 2 and 3. This consists of three integrated courses – one taken in Year 2 and two taken in Year 3. The Minor provides an opportunity to work with students from other departments and develop knowledge and skills in a specific technology or application area. You also have the option to study a modern foreign language as your Minor.
Students on the MSci programme also select a Management Science Concentration. This consists of two integrated modules and provides you with an opportunity to extend your knowledge and skills in a specialist area such as:

Business Analytics
Finance
Marketing and Analytics
Operations and Technology
Organisations and Innovation 
Strategy and Entrepreneurship

Dissertation and Group Consultancy Project
The dissertation (completed in Year 3) provides an opportunity to work in-depth on a business issue that interests you and showcase the knowledge and skills you have gained. It should demonstrate your ability to collect and synthesize information and show your ability to use that information critically to present original conclusions, insights and arguments. The dissertation should be about 12,000 words in length, excluding appendices.
The Group Consultancy Project (completed in Year 4 – MSci only) provides an opportunity to work as part of a small team tackling an important business issue facing an external organisation.
Applications
Student profile
Our students are, and always have been, selected on the basis of their talent and potential, whatever their personal, social or national background.
UCL was the first English university to admit students regardless of race, class or religion, and the first to admit female students on equal terms with men.
UCL degree programmes require our students to think critically and creatively, to tackle ambitious projects and to develop the leadership and entrepreneurial skills that will stand them in excellent stead for their future lives and careers. Our innovative Management Science degree programmes embody this approach to undergraduate study.
We are looking for intellectually curious, self-motivated students who are passionate about business, technology and people. You will join an international cohort of students drawn from a wide variety of backgrounds.
Your Application
Your application will be assessed on the basis of past and projected academic performance and your personal statement.
You should provide evidence that the majority of the following qualities are applicable to you:

Strong mathematical/quantitative skills
Interested in people, what motivates them and how they behave
Able to think critically and creatively and present your views coherently
Excited by technology, innovation and entrepreneurship
Interested in business and in wider societal, cultural and global issues
Able to work with other people, including people from different backgrounds and cultures
Prepared to undertake a rigorous and intellectually demanding academic programme

Entry Requirements
A Levels
	AAA. Mathematics required. 
GCSEs 
	For UK based students, English Language and Mathematics at grade C. Grade C or equivalent in a foreign language (other than Ancient Greek, Biblical Hebrew or Latin) is required. UCL provides opportunities to meet this requirement following enrolment at UCL. Note that these requirements are for Home/EU applicants who have been solely educated in the UK (ie this does not apply to international applicants completing their A Levels in the UK). 
If English is not your first language, from 2016 the English language requirement is for the ‘Advanced’ level. For acceptable English Language tests see here. 
IB Diploma
	38 points. A score of 18 points in three higher level subjects including 6 in Higher Level Mathematics with no score lower than 5.
A variety of other qualifications are accepted from the UK and worldwide. 
If you have any queries regarding your eligibility to the programme or queries about the programme, then please contact us via the email below.
How to apply
UCL is London’s Global University – your studies will provide a global perspective which will help you understand the major issues facing the world and will equip you to contribute to solutions.
Around 41% of our students come from outside the UK, so UCL has a cosmopolitan, friendly and inclusive atmosphere.
You can apply through the UK Universities and Colleges Admissions Service (UCAS) system from 1 September onwards for entry in September the following year.
For further information regarding applying to UCL via UCAS please see application and entry.
Contact
For further information regarding the Management Science programmes, please contact Leona Noel, Undergraduate Administrator, UCL School of Management.
Email: managementscience-ug@ucl.ac.uk
	Telephone: +44 (0) 207 679 2385
For all admissions related enquiries, please see the UCL Undergraduate Admissions Website. 
When to apply
UCL is committed to becoming a global leader in enterprise and open innovation, supporting knowledge exchange, innovation, entrepreneurship and collaboration with commercial and social enterprises.
You can apply for this course for entry in September 2022 through the UK Universities and Colleges Admissions Service (UCAS) system from September 2021 onwards. The earlier you apply the better, as we expect that the programmes will be heavily over-subscribed.
Why choose us
UCL is one of the world’s very-best universities, consistently placed in the global top 20 in a wide variety of world rankings.
UCL’s new Management Science programmes are unlike any other degree in the UK. They provide you with an opportunity to develop strong quantitative and analytical skills, an in-depth understanding of how companies work, and a rigorous foundation in the key skills needed to build successful careers in global businesses tackling world-scale problems.
The UCL School of Management is a different kind of business school. It is focused on technology, innovation, entrepreneurship and analytics, and how they are changing management practice in the world’s best organisations.
You will also benefit from being part of UCL Engineering, UCL’s Faculty of Engineering Sciences, and take an Engineering Sciences Minor in Years 2 and 3. This provides an opportunity to work with students from other departments and develop knowledge and skills in a specific technology or application area. You also have the option to study a modern foreign language as your Minor.
On graduation, you will have strong leadership and communication skills and the ability to work flexibly, creatively and internationally in a range of areas, including high-growth companies, management consulting firms and the finance sector.
The Management Science degree programmes:

Provide you with in-depth knowledge and understanding of management science and how it can be applied in practice
Prepare you for working in a diverse range of complex, innovation-intensive, data-driven environments
Prepare you for jobs in industries and organisations characterised by rapid changes in tools, problems and opportunities
Enable you to develop the awareness, background, and skills necessary to become a responsible citizen, employee, and leader who can make a contribution to tackling some of the world’s most difficult social and economic problems

In particular, the Management Science programmes help you develop:

A critical appreciation of the relevant principles of mathematics, science, and engineering and how they can be applied in practice to managing complex, innovation-intensive, data-driven environments
A knowledge and understanding of management in a global context and the opportunities and problems faced by different types of organisation
An understanding of key interdisciplinary management challenges, e.g. complexity, scale, growth, uncertainty, risk
An ability to use quantitative and qualitative methods in a creative and systematic way to make well-informed, evidence-based decisions
An ability to identify, formulate, and solve management problems, based on critical analytical thinking
An ability to design and implement management systems and processes to meet desired needs
An understanding of professional and ethical responsibility
A knowledge of contemporary issues necessary to understand the impact of business in a global and societal context

Careers
Experience the world of business while you study and benefit from access to graduate recruiters and serious start-up support.
As a Management Science student, you will have access to a bespoke Careers and Employer Engagement programme and a dedicated careers team who will help you present yourself to leading graduate employers with confidence.
Our portfolio of careers support for Management Science students includes:

Individual career coaching sessions with a Careers Consultant dedicated to the Management Science programme
Skill development sessions including writing CVs, applications, interview tips and planning your job search
An Internships and Vacancies Officer who will support you in sourcing internships and other work experience opportunities
Exclusive industry insight sessions and employer-led events accessible only by UCL School of Management students to inform your career choices
Access to UCL School of Management alumni keen to support you with your career

For further information on the Careers provision for UCL School of Management, please see our Careers page.
We believe that practical experience alongside theoretical study will give you a unique perspective and a competitive edge in the global labour market. Our Management Science programme offers all our students the opportunity to undertake a summer internship and you will receive dedicated support from our Internships and Vacancies Officer. You are encouraged to engage with the internship programme so that advice and opportunities can be tailored to the cohort. By undertaking a summer internship your academic studies will be enriched with new perspectives, experiences and enhanced skills.
Students can gain experience in a variety of sectors such as Banking, Finance, Management Consulting, Technology and Start-Ups. Previous students have undertaken internships at a range of companies, large and small, both in the UK and overseas. 
Graduates from the Management Science programme work at some of the world’s leading companies, including top management consulting firms, global investment banks, and cutting-edge technology companies. 
UCL is consistently ranked as one of the world’s very best universities and employers are keen to meet our students to discuss the opportunities they offer. In addition to the bespoke activities within the School of Management, you also have access to the central UCL Careers provision. Every year over 1000 employers/organisations attend events arranged by UCL Careers, including careers fairs, employer presentations and sector ‘themed weeks’, which may include employer forums, networking events, talks on how to get into the sector and one-to-one advice sessions.