Overview
Start date: September 2022Duration: 12 months full-time, or 24 months part-timeFees: UK £16,500 (f/t) or £8,250 (p/t) and Overseas - £35,100 (f/t) or £17,550 (p/t)Application deadline: Applications will open on 18 October 2021 and close on 31 March 2022.Entry: Minimum of 2:1 honours or equivalent in a relevant discipline. International students, please note that UCL’s English language requirement for this programme is a 'Good' - further details regarding this can be found at the UCL English Language Requirements page.Coronavirus Information: See more information below
Programme

The MSc Entrepreneurship at UCL School of Management is designed for students who intend to start and run high impact, innovative businesses.
Right from the start of the programme, you will learn the skills and gain the tools to start an innovative, high impact, new business.
From the first few weeks, you will be interviewing prospective customers, and subsequently learn how to do ‘rapid prototyping’, using the tools of ‘lean’ entrepreneurship, and pitching new ideas. Using UCL’s networks and reputation as a starting point to access London’s thriving entrepreneurship scene, you will find or develop a founding team and learn how to raise investor finance, or ‘bootstrap’ your business.  
This programme was the first of its kind in Europe, for its single-minded focus on giving you the knowledge, skills, and network to start-up a business successfully. We pride ourselves on our rate of successful start-up creation, and every year work to launch more successful start-ups.
On this programme, you will find yourself among like-minded students who will be your allies during your studies – and in some cases, the co-founders with whom you will establish your future business.
The latest rankings from the Complete University Guide (2022) place UCL School of Management 3rd (out of 122) in the UK for Business and Management Studies, and the Guardian's 2022 rankings for Business, Management and Marketing place UCL School of Management 3rd in the UK. The MSc Entrepreneurship programme achieved a 91% Overall Satisfaction score in the 2021 Postgraduate Taught Experience Survey (PTES), with 99% of students agreeing that they would recommend UCL to prospective students. This is an exceptionally strong performance and reflects the outstanding quality of our teaching, culture, and facilities.
In summary, this course is suitable for anyone who:
Wishes to start a business now. We can help you with the development of your idea and introduce you to the London business community.
Wishes to start a business at a later date, possibly in your home country if a foreign student. We can teach you the skills of researching and developing business ideas.
If you are not looking to start your own business, you may be better considering our MSc Management programme. Our programme is strictly for entrepreneurs!
Notes
It is possible to take the programme over two years. For 2021/22, around 28% of students were part-time, which has allowed them to continue working whilst studying.
This MSc is heavily over–subscribed each year and has limited spaces available. You are advised to apply early. 
Unless taking the degree as a part-time student over two years, remaining in employment whilst studying full-time is not recommended.
The MSc Entrepreneurship was formerly called MSc Technology Entrepreneurship. The name change has reflected the fact that technology is now a feature of almost every start-up business. The programme content remains broadly the same, but has been updated as business and technology continue to evolve.
Teaching approach

The programme is taught with a ‘learn by doing’ approach. While, like any UCL Master's degree, a rigorous base of research underlies the programme, the emphasis is on supporting students to develop the skills needed to succeed as CEO and/or co-founder of a high impact, innovative business.
Modules are academically testing, requiring a combination of assessments, and reading of key texts.  
However, all coursework is intended to give students an opportunity to develop a start-up, and most of the teaching is collaborative, experiential and driven by ‘build measure learn’ cycles where students take action, analyse, and reflect on the effects caused by that action, and decide on the next action to take. Themes of sustainable capitalism are embedded into several of the modules of the programme, reflecting our desire to create for-profit businesses that can also benefit our wider society and respect the environment.
The MSc Entrepreneurship teaching team is made up entirely of faculty with experience both of academia and of the world of industry and entrepreneurship, including several active venture capitalists and investors. Several of the teaching team have created and very successfully exited from start-ups. As a team, we take enormous pride in our programme and the world-class standard of teaching we offer to aspiring entrepreneurs. In the 2021 PTES survey, 100% of our students agreed with the statement ‘Staff are enthusiastic about what they are teaching’; and 95% with the statement ‘Staff are good at explaining things’. 
This high level of student satisfaction is partly down to our approach to classes. We discourage the use of laptops during lectures (unless specifically required for an exercise) as they are a known distraction to both the student and those seated adjacent. Instead, we encourage students to fully engage in a ‘big conversation’ with their lecturer and fellow students. Prospective students should also be aware that we regard punctuality for lectures as critically important. Students are expected to be fully engaged in all their classes from the outset. 
Beyond the lectures
Students are encouraged to work in a collaborative manner in a positive, friendly and dynamic environment. Additional training workshops, such as in pitching skills, are provided – the aim is to build up the skills to successfully pitch business ideas in real-life scenarios. See our YouTube channel for videos of our student pitching events.
Throughout the programme, we build in opportunities to connect with experienced, highly engaged mentors who, like our teaching team, are seeking to share their experience and wisdom with the next generation of entrepreneurs.
Students also have the ability to organise treks to visit other start-up ecosystems, which typically travel at the beginning of Term 3. Past treks have visited Berlin, Tel Aviv, Silicon Valley and Singapore. Please see our YouTube channel for videos of the trips. Students should note that a place on these treks is not guaranteed, and we also cannot guarantee right of entry into the countries selected. Small grants are available for student organisers, but in most other cases the cost is entirely funded by the students themselves. As of the time of writing (October 2021), these have not been possible in 2020/21 due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Student diversity
We are proud that our programme is particularly diverse in terms of student backgrounds, and the typical make up of a student cohort each year will be as follows:
Size of 60-70 students.
Approximately 25% of students are from the UK (with a significant proportion part-time).
Approximately 75% of students from the EU and the rest of the world.
Ages range from 22 to 40+, with an average age of around 26.
For 2021/22, 47% of our students are female. We are proud of this support for female entrepreneurship and aspire for a balanced cohort each year. 
Undergraduate degrees are also diverse, including management, computer science, engineering, fashion and many others.
This mix of age, experience, and cultures has proved to be extremely powerful in creating a positive working atmosphere, innovative teams, and life-long friendships. The ethos of our programme is one of helping students to achieve their highest potential during the year by offering positive encouragement and support.
	 
Programme structure
The programme structure comprises:

Term 1: late September-December 2022


Term 2: January-March 2023


Required:
MSIN0047 Entrepreneurial Finance
MSIN0070 Building High Impact Ventures
MSIN0073 Strategic Management of Entrepreneurial Ventures
MSIN0086 Customer Development and Lean Start-up


Required:
MSIN0087 Product Development and Prototyping
MSIN0099 Entrepreneurial Marketing Strategy and Branding
Optional Modules (students select two modules, one of which must be from group A):
Group A
MSIN0226  Fintech
MSIN0091  Retail and Consumer Entrepreneurship
MSIN0098  Technology Entrepreneurship
MSIN0069 Managing the Growing Firm
MSIN0235 Building High Impact Founders
Group B
MSIN0148 Influence and Negotiations
MSIN0230 Artificial Intelligence for Business

Term 3: April-September 2023          MSIN0139 Dissertation
Optional Modules
All students select two of six specialist modules, aimed at giving more domain-specific knowledge, networks, and skills. Some of these optional modules will be taught with students from other School of Management Master’s programmes, thus providing further opportunities for student inter-action across the school.
The optional modules listed are subject to change each year and are indicative only. Optional modules can change for a variety of reasons including but not limited to updated learning outcomes, lack of demand and resourcing. For questions about optional modules, please reach out to us at: mgmt-e@ucl.ac.uk
Students select their chosen optional modules during Term 1, and they are taught in Term 2.
In Term 3, and up to early September 2023, students will develop a dissertation project with a supervisor from within the UCL School of Management. The project allows students to work full time on developing their start-up, or to conduct research-based field investigations of the desirability, feasibility, and viability of a business opportunity. The dissertation project is documented in a 12,500 word report.
Part-time study
Due to UK visa requirements, this programme is only available to study part-time if you meet one of the following requirements:
You hold UK citizenship
You are an EU student who has obtained EU Pre-settled or Settled status
UCL does not sponsor part-time study visas due to their restrictive nature. Learn more.
Part-time study offers a student the opportunity to carry on working in a career or in their own start-up or to simply study at a slower pace. Prospective part-time students should note:
Students take two modules per term (instead of four for full-time students). These modules are taught during the daytime on separate days of the week. 
Part-time students are taught alongside the full-time students. They will therefore get to know two cohorts of full-time students over the two-year period.
Lecture times can vary between early morning, middle of the day, or late afternoon. There are no weekend lectures.
The modules are taught in a specific order, with the optional modules chosen in the second year.
Students will need to have a level of work flexibility (if employed) in order to cope with the School’s timetable.
The dissertation project is undertaken in Term 3 of the second year, hence there will be limited activity during Term 3 of the first year. 
We will not accept part-time students who are residing outside the UK whilst studying.
Further details about part-time study are available on request.
Location

The UCL School of Management is located at Level 38 and Level 50, One Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London’s global business district. The above photo is one of the many exciting views from this prestigious location. The quality of our lecture theatres at Canary Wharf are outstanding and have been described by guests as some of the best in the UK. Canary Wharf is a dynamic modern district of London, with superb train connections to other parts of London. The district is particularly known for financial services, and the Level 39 incubator, specialising in cyber security, fintech and retail tech, has 1,250 occupants spread across adjacent floors of the building. MSc Entrepreneurship students can connect and collaborate with some of the businesses.
In addition, all facilities at our historic Bloomsbury campus, including libraries and a recently completed student centre, are available to students.
Many networking and collaboration events, and some teaching may also take place in Bloomsbury, or at UCL Innovation & Enterprise facilities at BASE KX, and IDEALondon in Shoreditch.  
London was recently identified as the no.1 city in the world in which to study by QS Top Universities on criteria such as student mix, quality of living, opportunities, and affordability.
Applications
Application Requirements
This programme is designed for entrepreneurs who wish to start their own business. It is not designed for students who wish to have a traditional management career with a large corporation.
We require a minimum of an upper second-class Bachelor’s degree from a UK university, or an overseas qualification of an equivalent standard (see international students qualification equivalents).
Together with the academic requirements, applicants must normally have:
Demonstrated interest in pursuing an entrepreneurial venture or career and must have undertaken entrepreneurial activities, not simply aspire to entrepreneurship.
Two years’ work experience.
Additional notes for applicants:
Personal statements should be no longer than 1,500 words. They must clearly state why the applicant wishes to undertake our programme; describe their entrepreneurial (or other) experience; and indicate what contribution they can bring to this exciting course.
If making references to businesses that have been started by the applicant, please include any relevant web links to it in the personal statement. 
Although not an entry requirement, we are particularly interested in applicants who are able to start a business in the UK at the end of the programme. We have incubator facilities and/or funding available to high quality start-ups at the end of the programme (subject to status).
We are also open to applicants working in corporate innovation hubs/accelerators and intend to return to a career specifically in this space.
No exceptions are made in meeting the English Language requirements. You are strongly advised to have passed this test prior to application. As well as passing this test, the fluency of your English will be assessed during your interview.
We are particularly keen to welcome students with a computer science background onto the programme, as historically students with these skill sets are valuable members of founding teams. Students who have studied computer science are not required to have any work experience before applying. 
We are also open to undergraduates from top global universities with engineering or other technical degrees who may also make an interesting contribution to founding teams. Again, such applicants are not expected to have two years work experience, but must be able to demonstrate they have been engaged in some entrepreneurial activities, even if small in scale.
For more information or clarification on the above, email mgmt-e@ucl.ac.uk
How to Apply
Applications for the 2022/23 academic year opened on 18 October 2021.
If English is not your first language, you will usually be required to take an IELTS test and reach the ‘good’ level. To find out whether you need to take the test or not, please review UCL’s English Language requirements.
UCL Admissions assess whether overseas degree qualifications fulfil the course requirements and they require a full application to be submitted with all relevant supporting documentation - such as degree transcripts and references - before they can make this assessment.
All enquiries about submitted applications should be directed to the UCL Admissions Department, and not to UCL School of Management.
For further information regarding admissions please see the UCL Postgraduate Admissions Website. 
For more information regarding Confirmation of Acceptance for Studies (CAS) numbers for international students, please visit UCL’s international student visa pages. 
Interviews
If you are successfully shortlisted for a place on the course you will be interviewed by the Programme Director using the online video system WePow - via the internet. (WePow was a technology start-up by an alumni of our programme).
Fees
2022/23 fees are as follows:
UK
£16,500 (FT) £8,250 (PT)
Overseas
£35,100 (FT) £17,550 (PT)
For details of available UK and overseas scholarships, and further funding information, please take a look at the UCL fees and funding pages.
UCL also has guidance on how and when to pay fees.
Course Dates
One Year Full-Time:
Late September 2022 to late September 2023
There is only one intake per year, which is in September at the beginning of the UCL academic year. In the first week, new students take part in a dynamic range of induction events. Unlike some UCL Masters degrees, we do not operate a January intake.
Two Years Part-Time:
Late September 2022 to late September 2024
Scholarships and Bursaries
There are a number of sources of scholarship and other funding available for both UK and overseas students. More information is available at the UCL sources of funding webpage. Note, UK applicants are advised to apply as early as possible if seeking funding from scholarship sources since these funds are usually limited in their size and availability. 
	The Fulbright Commission Award is available for a US graduate student to study MSc Entrepreneurship. For further information, please see Fulbright US to UK. Please note this is only available to citizens of the United States of America.
Coronavirus Information
Our top priority is the wellbeing and safety of our students and staff. The campus itself has been reconfigured in line with Government guidelines to ensure it is as safe as possible, with a wide range of safety measures in place. For advice and information concerning UCL’s response to the coronavirus outbreak, please visit UCL’s prospective students’ Coronavirus (Covid-19) information pages.
Innovation and Enterprise
UCL Innovation & Enterprise is UCL’s centre for entrepreneurship. Through UCL Innovation & Enterprise, students will be able to:
Compete in the London Entrepreneurs Challenge, the China UK Challenge, and the Bright Ideas Award.
Network across the UCL’s world-leading Faculties of Engineering, Arts & Humanities, Brain Sciences, Life Sciences, Medical Sciences and the Bartlett, UCL’s Faculty of the Built Environment, to find fellow entrepreneurs and potential collaborators and co-founders.
Take part in the UCL Innovation & Enterprise Idea Accelerator.
On graduation, many student start-ups continue their journey in the Hatchery, or IDEALondon, within UCL Innovation & Enterprise; or with accelerator programmes such as Seedcamp, Techstars, or Wayra.
Learn more
Follow them on Twitter: @UCLEnterprise
Like them on Facebook: UCLEnterprise
Join them on LinkedIn: UCL Innovation and Enterprise
Entrepreneurship in London  

Image courtesy of TechCityUK.com
London is one of the world’s leading centres of entrepreneurship, with unique access to talent, expertise, and capital. There are numerous accelerator programmes within this entrepreneurial ecosystem which provide opportunities for early capital and mentoring for suitable start-up ideas.
Our teaching team and mentors have strong connections across this ecosystem and are able to make introductions and provide extensive guidance to our students help them on the start-up journey.
The MSc Entrepreneurship global community
The MSc Entrepreneurship is a lifelong community. Our alumni continue to participate in the UCL ecosystem, and increasingly are hiring our graduates.  
Approaching half of the graduating students will continue to develop their start-up rather than seek employment. However, others will want to secure additional work experience before starting their ventures. 
MSc Entrepreneurship start-ups
Many of our alumni have gone on to build fantastic companies. You can keep up-to-date with activity by keeping an eye on our news pages.
Here are some examples of MSc Entrepreneurship alumni activity:
Jan Senderek sold his start-up, Loom, to Dropbox; his personal share of the proceeds was over €1m.  
Marcin Piatkowski raised £160,000 from crowdfunding site Crowdcube to launch his innovative chainless aluminium electric folding Jivr Bike - as reported in media such as The Daily Telegraph, and his subsequent Kickstarter was oversubscribed by 80%.  
Alex Siljanovski, Manuel Zapata and Laura Davies launched BaseStone, an integrated platform and mobile app that enables engineers and architects to securely issue, review and manage their drawings. BaseStone is rapidly receiving a huge amount of interest and a number of awards within the construction industry, is working with the world’s leading construction businesses and has secured $700k in investment so far.
Rodrigo Martinez founded WePow and has grown the business hugely, raising over $5m in investment.
Joyce and Raissa Haas founded Double Dutch Drinks, which is growing rapidly, and recently won Richard Branson’s foodpreneur awards.
Karoline Gross founded the adtech company Smartzer and raised a $400k seed round to grow the business just after graduation. 
Paul Varga and Tolulope Ogunsina founded Playbrush and conducted a successful Kickstarter campaign for Christmas 2015.
Michael Langguth and Oyvind Henriksen founded Poq commerce and raised $500k in crowdfunded equity to fuel its growth.
In total there are now more than 650 alumni from the MSc Entrepreneurship programme. We are aware of 100+ actively trading businesses from 39 countries that have been created by our alumni.
Other Entrepreneurial Careers
We are also very proud of those graduates who have gone on to exciting careers, using the innovation skills they have gained to make a difference for the organisations where they work.  
MSc Entrepreneurship graduates have been employed at: Accenture Consulting and Technology, AIG, Amazon, Astbury Marsden Consultants, Barclays Capital, Barclays Techstars, BHP Billiton, Bloomberg Business & Financial News, BNY Mellon Banking, Boston Consulting Group, CHP Consulting, CITIC Group, Creative Consulting, Deloitte Consulting & Corporate Finance, Dropbox, E-Synergy, EDF Trading, Elexon, Ernst & Young, Evian, Fonterra, France Telecom (Orange), GreySpark Partners, IBM, Justpark, KPMG, Lighthouse Analyst Relations, Novartis Pharmaceuticals, NTT Communications, Omnicom, Pegatron, Pepsico, Poten & Partners, PwC, Rocket Internet, Saatchi & Saatchi, Schneider Trading, SKIM Healthcare, TNS Global Market Research, UBS, Volkswagen Group, Wonder Auto Technology, ZenithOptimedia Investment Marketing.
As an MSc Entrepreneurship student, you will have access to a dedicated careers team who will help you present yourself to graduate employers with confidence, should you wish.
For further information on the Careers provision for UCL School of Management, please see our Careers page.
Video Library

Register for more information
Frequently Asked Questions
What are the term dates for 2022-23?
Please see UCL term dates, noting the term date exceptions which apply to Postgraduate students.
I am an international student, how can I find out what the degree equivalency is for my home institution?
Please see International Students qualification equivalents.
I am currently studying and do not have my final results yet, should I wait to receive my transcript before applying?
If your predicted final results meet our minimum entry requirements, you can apply before receiving your final degree results. You should include details of your predicted results on your application form, and an official transcript of your results so far. If we are able to make you an offer of study, it will be conditional and you will need to prove that you meet the condition before the beginning of the course.
How can I apply?
Applications for September 2022 opened on 18 October 2021. Applications close on the 31 March 2022. Applications are made via this link.
How can I get help with the online application form?
UCL Admissions process applications before they are sent to the School for a decision. If you need help with your online application please see the UCL Postgraduate Admissions Website. 
When is the CAS (Confirmation of Acceptance of Studies) number issued? 
For more information regarding the issuing of Confirmation of Acceptance for Studies (CAS) numbers, please visit UCL’s offer holders FAQ’s page and see the section titled ‘Immigration’. 
How long should my Personal Statement be?
Personal statements should be no longer than 1,500 words and should outline your suitability for the course, entrepreneurial experience, and ambitions, in a clear and succinct manner. Further details can be found here.
Do I need technical skills, such as coding, to undertake this course?
No, these skills are not required prior to joining our programme, and you will learn some of them while studying with us. However, the use of Excel is required for the Entrepreneurial Finance module.
I come from a family with a successful business and I want to take over running the business in future. Is this course suitable for me?
The programme, its modules and the dissertation project, are focused on developing a new startup venture, using lean tools such as a minimum viable product, prototyping and startup marketing. Therefore, although the skills we teach are valuable in any 21st century career, normally we do not advise students whose ambitions are to take up a management role in an existing large family business to apply. UCL’s MBA or MSc Management programmes may be more suitable.
How many referees do I have to provide and can they be employers as well as academic referees?
Two referees - ideally one should be academic and the other professional. However, if it has been some years since you have studied, you can provide two professional referees instead.
My referees are unable to provide references electronically; can I provide hard copy reference letters? 
No, references must be submitted online by your referees.
How long is the programme and what are the term dates?
The programme lasts for a full calendar year from September to September. Please see UCL term dates, noting the term date exceptions which apply to Postgraduate students.
Can you send me an application form for the programme?
UCL School of Management does not encourage paper applications unless required for accessibility purposes, we advise all applicants to submit their application via the online portal.
Can I enrol in the programme part-time?
Yes, you can study over two years part-time rather than one year full-time. Part-time study is an increasingly popular option. Please see the part-time information section above. 
Where can I find out about UCL accommodation?
Please see student accommodation for details of accommodation available at UCL.
Can I obtain a scholarship, assistantship or some other form of funding?
Please see Information about fees and funding for further information.
What are the language requirements for the programme?
We strictly adhere to UCL's English Language Proficiency Requirements for postgraduate programmes, which are evaluated by UCL Registry and Academic Services (see above).
My application has been unsuccessful. Can I find out why and request to be reconsidered?
Unfortunately we are unable to give details as to why individual applications have been unsuccessful. We cannot reconsider decisions due to the high volume of applications.
Will you be running open events?
Yes, we will be running a series of open day events during the application period and will publish information on our website and social media channels.
Can I meet with faculty before I apply?
We typically don't offer one-to-one meetings, but we encourage you to join one of our open events to speak directly with the faculty.
