Overview
Start date: September 2022Duration: 12 months full-time onlyFees: UK/EU/Overseas - £35,100Application deadline: Applications will open on 01 December 2021 and close on 31 March 2022 (this is subject to change if the programme is filled before this date).Entry: A good undergraduate degree from a recognised university – a minimum of UK Second Class Honours (Upper Division - 2:1) or the international equivalent, as well as a 'good' level of English language.Coronavirus Information: See more information below
Download a programme prospectus
Programme
Organisations need people who can motivate others and develop strategies in a dynamic and competitive environment.
UCL's MSc Management is a highly competitive international programme that aims to deliver graduates who can meet those needs, preparing young professionals for managing business complexity and innovation. We do this by providing you with a solid understanding of practical managerial issues, as well as a strong foundation in current theoretical debates, equipping ambitious students like you with the knowledge and skills to work for leading organisations around the world.
Throughout your journey at UCL, one of the Top 10 Global Universities (QS 2022), you will be learning from academics who are at the forefront of their fields, as well as being a part of London's Global University, working closely with a diverse and vibrant group of like-minded students who bring a vast range of business knowledge from across the globe.
The programme offers two pathways, each tailored towards the needs of our students to ensure they get the most out of their studies:
The Corporate pathway is designed for students who may or may not have previously studied business and management, particularly those who have not studied Finance and Accounting in depth. 
The Finance pathway is for candidates who already have an undergraduate degree in business and management, having studied Finance and Accounting. Having a degree in business and management is not enough for this pathway if you have not studied Finance and Accounting in sufficient depth.
There may be exceptions to these guidelines. Students who have a strong educational background in Finance and Accounting, even if they have not studied other disciplines related to business and management, may be allocated to the Finance pathway. Other factors will be considered for the pathway allocation, such as evidence of quantitative skills. We expect all applicants to state their preferred pathway in their personal statement.
At the discretion of the Programme Director, applicants may be invited to do an online test to measure previous knowledge of Finance and/or Accounting. The result of this test will be used to support the pathway allocation decision.
Pathways are allocated solely at the discretion of the Programme Director, with consideration of the entire educational background of each applicant. Decisions are made on a case-by-case basis and the guidance above is just indicative of the whole process. 

Programme Diet for the Academic Year 2022-23
The modules, consultancy projects, and research activities are held throughout the academic year.
A detailed timetable will be made available to students during Induction Week in September 2022.
Please note that the list of optional modules is indicative and exact modules may vary from year to year.
Corporate Pathway:
Core Modules

MSIN0072 Business StrategyMSIN0076 Markets and CustomersMSIN0113 Innovation PracticesMSIN0142 Organisational BehaviourMSIN0145 Operations and Technology ManagementMSIN0154 Statistics for Business ResearchMSIN0159 Decision and Risk AnalysisMSIN0211 Financial FrameworksMSIN0222 Managing Finance
MSIN0100 Business Research (30 credits)MSIN0127 Career and Professional Development

Optional Modules (this list is indicative and exact modules may vary)

MSIN0069 Managing the Growing FirmMSIN0081 Creativity and Critical ThinkingMSIN0088 Leading High Performance TeamsMSIN0091 Retail and Consumer EntrepreneurshipMSIN0098 Technology EntrepreneurshipMSIN0148 Influence and NegotiationsMSIN0151 Strategic Project Management MSIN0157 Organisations and Social InnovationMSIN0167 Data VisualisationMSIN0226 FintechMSIN0230 Artificial Intelligence for Business
					MSIN0236 Managing Diversity
					MSIN0237  Technology and Collective Intelligence

Finance Pathway:
Core Modules

MSIN0001 Corporate FinanceMSIN0075 Business Economics MSIN0076 Markets and CustomersMSIN0080 Corporate StrategyMSIN0082 Investment ManagementMSIN0084 International Capital MarketsMSIN0154 Statistics for Business ResearchMSIN0159 Decision and Risk AnalysisMSIN0211 Financial Frameworks
 MSIN0100 Business Research (30 credit)MSIN0127 Career and Professional Development

Optional Modules (this list is indicative and exact modules may vary)

MSIN0069 Managing the Growing FirmMSIN0081 Creativity and Critical ThinkingMSIN0083 Project ManagementMSIN0085 Mergers and IPOs MSIN0088 Leading High Performance TeamsMSIN0091 Retail and Consumer EntrepreneurshipMSIN0098 Technology EntrepreneurshipMSIN0148 Influence and NegotiationsMSIN0157 Organisations and Social InnovationMSIN0167 Data VisualisationMSIN0210 Hedge Fund StrategiesMSIN0226 FintechMSIN0230 Artificial Intelligence for Business
					MSIN0236 Managing Diversity
					MSIN0237 Technology and Collective Intelligence

 
The optional modules listed are subject to change each year and are indicative only. Optional modules can change for a variety of reasons including but not limited to updated learning outcomes, lack of demand and resourcing. For questions about optional modules, please contact us at: mgmt-mm@ucl.ac.uk. 
Consultancy Projects, Dissertations, and Business Plans
As part of the Business Research module, you have the opportunity to develop a consultancy project with a company of your choice. This work is done in small groups, with the supervision of the company and of UCL School of Management professionals. This consultancy project aims to train you to solve actual business problems and to help you to better understand business in the United Kingdom. It also provides a good opportunity for broadening professional networks.
For the same BR module, you will write either a dissertation based on a piece of business research or a business plan for a new business or an existing business that wants to expand operations. You can choose your topics in accordance with your career plans. You will also receive expert support for choosing topics and designing projects which will help you in your long-term career plans, improving their chances of success in corporations, banks, consultancies and in your own businesses.
You are also offered training on consultancy services, business research, and business planning, in accordance with your preference.
International Summer Schools
You will have the opportunity to apply to spend two weeks attending workshops and seminars in a university abroad. Partner schools include HEC Paris, KU Leuven in Belgium, Tsinghua University in Beijing, Zhejiang University in Hangzhou, Indian Institute of Technology in Bombay, University of Chile in Santiago, and Externado University in Bogotá. This option depends upon approval from the Programme Director, taking into consideration your experience and career objectives, as well as the number of available places.
Students selected by the Programme Director may undergo an additional, independent application and selection process by the partner school, which reserves the right to make the final decision on whether or not to accept a student's application.
The UCL School of Management will support a summer school student's visa application (if applicable) to enter the relevant country of the partner school. Nevertheless, the decision to grant a visa to a summer school student is solely that of the host country's government.
Language Classes
All our students are allowed and encouraged to take language classes in the evening, either at the UCL Language Centre or at the UCL School of Slavonic & East European Studies. UCL offers many different languages at all levels. These language classes are self-funded by students and not subsidised by the UCL School of Management.
Masterclasses
In addition to academic subjects, you have the opportunity to attend a series of innovative and interactive workshops aimed at improving their management and leadership skills. The classes available vary from year to year. Some of the past classes have included:
Innovation
Appropriating Innovation: Managing Intellectual Property Rights
Customer-Focused Innovation: Designing New Value Propositions
Digital Marketing: Customer Acquisition
Innovation Engine: Designing and Testing Business Models
Leadership
Crisis Leadership
Developing Leadership Skills through Theatre Techniques
Great Leaders: How You Can Become One
Communication Skills
Developing Dynamic Public Speaking Skills
Effective Presentation Skills
Essay Writing Skills for Non-Native Speakers of English
Essentials of Executive Presence
Social Media for Professionals
Student Activities
During their year at UCL, you will have the opportunity to participate in various student activities on the Bloomsbury campus including clubs, societies, cultural events, sports, etc. Moreover, the MSc Management students have organised their own activities including a football team, a China network society, a Women in Management society, final-term parties and celebrations, etc.
Course Dates
Full-time 
26 September 2022 to 25 September 2023
Location
The vast majority of lectures take place at our location, One Canada Square, Canary Wharf, in London’s global business district. All facilities at the Bloomsbury campus, located in the heart of central London, will also be open to students.

Applications
Student profile
Who is this course designed for?
Are you ambitious? Do you have a ‘can-do’ attitude? Employers tell us that they look for people who aim high and are encouraged by challenges, not daunted by them.
Are you keen to know more about business and management?
The MSc Management programme is designed to produce graduates with the knowledge and contacts to pursue a career in management.
Do you want support in developing your career?
Regular career workshops and one-to-one advice ensures that every graduating student is able to advance their career plans.
Why choose an MSc in Management?
Organisations need people who can motivate others and develop strategies in a dynamic and competitive environment.
The MSc Management programme is designed to equip ambitious students with the knowledge and skills to work for leading organisations around the world.
Because of its managerial focus, the course is not suitable for those wishing to continue their studies at doctoral level.
Our students come from different academic backgrounds including business, international studies, engineering, sciences, economics, social sciences and the arts.
Applying for Masters in Management
Applications for September 2022 entry open on 01 December 2021 until 31 March 2022. You are advised to apply early due to competition for places. Applications are made using an online application form.
We look for students with drive, talent, intelligence, and vigour.
Entry Requirements
Academic profile: A good undergraduate degree from a recognised university – a minimum of UK Second Class Honours (Upper Division - 2:1) or the international equivalent. International Students may ascertain qualification equivalents from the UCL international students website. UCL Admissions check qualification equivalencies before forwarding application forms to our School. The UCL School of Management is unable to comment on international qualifications.
Career Aspirations: A personal statement outlining (1) their motivation for studying management and (2) future career aspirations. Applicants should also show that they have actively taken steps to meet their career goals through activities such as work experience, internships, and/or volunteering. Details should be included on the application form and a CV should also be attached.
International profile: Applicants should highlight any international experience they have had, including international exchanges, trips, internships, fluency in other languages and/or interest in other cultures.
English Language skills: A ‘good’ level of English is required
 English as native language or
 a ‘good’ level of English in any English language qualification or test recognised by UCL. 
​More information about the English language criteria can be found here.
Equivalency Requirements for Chinese Applicants. International students are required to have the equivalent of an upper second-class Bachelor's degree to apply for the MSc in Management. For applicants from China, this is usually a minimum of a Bachelors degree with a final overall grade of B+, 85%, or a CGPA or 3.45/4.0.
GMAT/GRE: This programme does not require results from a GMAT, GRE or equivalent standardised test. Applicants who have taken a test are encouraged to submit their results if they feel their score will strengthen their application.
Fees
The latest fee information is available online.
For funding information, please take a look at the UCL fees and funding pages.
​Application process 
Qualifications are assessed only once an application has been submitted. The equivalency of overseas qualifications cannot be assessed unless a full application with all supporting documentation such as degree transcripts, references, etc. has already been submitted to UCL. This programme does not require results from a GMAT, GRE or equivalent standardised test. Applicants who have taken a test are encouraged to submit their results if they feel their score will strengthen their application.
Applications for MSc Management are assessed in 4 stages: 
Stage 1 - Initial assessment

Once we have received your application and references from both of your nominated referees we will check to ensure that you meet the minimum academic requirements for the programme. Unfortunately, due to the competition for places, we are unable to progress applicants to stage 2 unless they have met the minimum requirement for the programme.
				A list of the standard entry requirements and their international equivalents can be found in the Key Information section of the MSc Management Graduate Prospectus page. Please note, that UCL uses weighted averages to measure applicants’ current academic level. 
Stage 2 - Completion of an interview
If you meet the minimum requirement for this programme your application will move to stage 2. During stage 2 your application will be considered further and you may be emailed an interview invitation. You will have 7 working days to complete the online interview. Failure to do so will lead to your application being unsuccessful.
Stage 3 - Post interview selection

After completion of the interview, your interview and application will be considered further. During this stage, we will rate applications on their interview responses, academic profile, career aspirations and international profile. We are looking for students with drive, talent, intelligence, and vigour.
If your application is at the lower end of the ranked applications, your application will be deemed unsuccessful and you will be informed of this on the application portal. If your application is at the high end an offer recommendation will be forwarded to the Graduate Admissions Office for processing.
				Alternatively, if your application is ranked in the middle range, your application will be moved to stage 4.
Stage 4 - Holding

During this stage applications are held and regularly reviewed. When they are reviewed the Programme Director will consider all applications currently at stage 4 and recommend offers to the strongest candidates until all places are filled.
				Please note that those who enter stage 4 may not receive a decision before August 2022.
UCL aims to complete stages 1-2 within 8 weeks. Stage 3 will begin from January 2022 onwards. Applicants who enter stage 4 may not receive a decision before August 2022.
Please note: The UCL School of Management will not provide any further information on its system of ranking or the rank that your application was given during assessment. 
Further Information
If you have any other questions regarding the admission process please see the UCL Postgraduate Admissions Webpage. For any other queries regarding the programme that are not addressed on our web pages please check the Frequently Asked Questions or email us.
For more information regarding Confirmation of Acceptance for Studies (CAS) numbers for international students, please visit UCL’s international student visa pages.
 
Email: mgmt-mm@ucl.ac.uk
Telephone: 020 3108 6055
Coronavirus Information 
Our top priority is the wellbeing and safety of our students and staff. The campus itself has been reconfigured in line with Government guidelines to ensure it is as safe as possible, with a wide range of safety measures in place. For advice and information concerning UCL’s response to the coronavirus outbreak, please visit UCL's prospective student's Crononavirus (COVID-19) information pages. 
UCL Scholarships
For central additional funding opportunities, please see scholarships and funding.

Careers
Career Opportunities
As London’s Global University, we at UCL are better qualified than most to realise that any organisation is only as strong as the individuals who work for it. This, allied to the innovation and flexibility needed in today’s organisations, means that recruiting the right person has never been more important.
The MSc Management course enables you to make an early and substantial contribution to your future employer. You will prepare for your future through career workshops, one-to-one advice, exclusive employer events and access to our alumni community. Whatever your nationality, experience or background, you will leave UCL equipped with the tools to become a high achiever in your chosen field.
As an MSc Management student, you will benefit from a bespoke Careers and Employer Engagement programme and a dedicated careers team who will help you present yourself to leading graduate employers with confidence.
Our portfolio of careers support for MSc Management students includes:
Individual career coaching sessions with Careers Consultants dedicated to the School of Management
Weekly careers and professional development workshops on topics including marketing yourself as a candidate, interviews, assessment centres and planning your next steps
Exclusive industry insight sessions and employer-led events accessible only by School of Management students to inform your career choices
Access to UCL School of Management alumni keen to support you with your career
For further information on the Careers provision for UCL School of Management, please see our Careers page.
In addition to the bespoke activities within the School of Management, you also have access to the central UCL Careers provision. Every year over 1000 employers/organisations attend events arranged by UCL Careers, including careers fairs, employer presentations and sector ‘themed weeks’, which may include employer forums, networking events, talks on how to get into the sector and one-to-one advice sessions.
Our students go on to careers in a range of sectors; the most common destinations for our students are consulting, banking and finance, management trainee programmes, marketing, and technology. The 2018-2019 Graduate Outcomes Survey shows that 94.2% of those surveyed (and who are eligible to work or study) secured highly-skilled work, or HE-level study within 15 months of graduating from the MSc Management programme. The graduates have found jobs in a variety of high-profile companies including
Accenture plc
Amazon
Barclays
Bayer
BCG
Bloomberg
Capco
CharityWorks
Citi
Credit Suisse
Deloitte
Deutsche Bank
Dyson Ltd
Goldman Sachs
Google
GSK
IBM
JP Morgan
Kantar World Panel
KPMG
Lego
L'Oreal
LVMH
McKinsey and Company
Nomura
Oliver Wyman
PA Consulting
PwC
Rothschild
Sotheby's
TK Maxx
Unilever
United Nations
... as well as a range of small-medium sized companies and start-ups
Why choose UCL
Our Strengths:
World-class reputation: UCL consistently ranks among the top universities in the world.
International focus: Our MSc Management has been carefully designed to develop your international management and leadership skills.
High quality teaching: We invest in the selection and developing of our faculty to provide you with the best possible education during your studies at UCL.
Tailored careers support: A series of workshops and employer-led activities are offered throughout the year to develop your global career management skills.
Global professional network: Our international cohorts and close relations with alumni allow you to develop your global professional network.
What Our Students Say...
About studying and living in London
"London is so multicultural, and that’s even reflected in what you can have for lunch – we’re spoilt for choice!"
"There’s not only the activities laid on by UCL, but by a whole city of 11 million people – so you can always find something to do and someone to do it with."
"Transport in the UK and London is so good. You can be in Scotland in four hours and Paris in three. It's like a gateway for European travel."
"London has so much history – you won’t be able to see it all."
About UCL
"It’s one of the world's best universities and its based in the world’s best city – a winning combination."
"There are so many clubs and societies, the list is endless. If you are really into a certain type of activity, no matter how specialist – I guarantee there is a society for you!"
"Great facilities."
About the teaching staff
"The teaching staff are really approachable, knowledgeable and the lectures are always well planned and thought out."
"Down to earth and friendly – and very good at their job!"
"21st Century teaching."
About the cost of living
"Don’t let preconceived ideas fool you, yes London can be expensive but there are plenty of ways to see all that the city has to offer at student prices. I went to the V&A with the UCL Arts Society for £2 last month."
"Now the credit crunch is upon us, all Londoners are looking for cheap treats – not just students – so a lot of cinemas, clubs, pubs, and theatres all have amazing discounts. You just need to know where to look."
"Don’t be put off by rumours, you don’t need to be rich to live like a king or queen in London."
Chat to our students
Don't just take our word for it.
We've teamed up with Unibuddy to enable to you chat with our MSc Management students and alumni so that you can ask those who have studied the programme the questions that are most important to you.
Whether you want to know about studying in Canary Wharf, which modules are the best, or how to adjust to life living in London, they are on hand to help.

Video Library

Register for more information
FAQs
Frequently Asked Questions about the MSc in Management
How can I apply?
You may apply online on the admissions website.
What is the GMAT or GRE recommended score for the MSc Management?
This programme does not require results from a GMAT, GRE or equivalent standardised test. Applicants who have taken a test are encouraged to submit their results if they feel their score will strengthen their application.
Recommended GMAT: A score of around 600+
	Recommended GRE: A score of around 310+
What is the GMAT designated institution code for MSc in Management, UCL?
The GMAT designated institution code is 3344
What is the GRE designated institution code for MSc Management, UCL?
The GRE designated institution code is 3344
How can I submit my GMAT/GRE score?
You can upload your score report as an additional document to your application, or you send your GMAT or GRE score through the GMAT or GRE website.
Can I find out if I am a suitable candidate for the course before applying?
Unfortunately, we are not able to comment on a candidate's suitability for the course before we receive a completed application form. Our minimum entry requirements can be found above.
Will it improve my chances of being accepted if I apply for more than one MSc course?
No, in fact, if you apply for more than one MSc it will indicate that you are unfocused regarding your career ambitions and it is more likely to lead to you being rejected for both courses. We currently offer several other Master's including an MSc in Entrepreneurship, an MSc in Business Analytics and an MSc in Finance the career outcomes for these programmes are very different from MSc Management.
I am an international student, how can I find out what the degree equivalency is for my home institution?
International Students may ascertain qualification equivalents from the UCL international students website. UCL Admissions check qualification equivalencies before forwarding application forms to our School. We are unable to comment on international qualifications.
I am currently studying and do not yet have my final results, should I wait to receive my transcript before applying?
If your predicted final results meet our minimum entry requirements, you can apply before receiving your final degree results. You should include details of your predicted results on your application form, and an official transcript of your results so far. If we are able to make you an offer of study, it will be conditional and you will need to prove that you meet the condition before the beginning of the course.
My degree results are just under a 2.1, can I be considered anyway? 
No, unfortunately we are not able to consider any candidates below the minimum entry requirements. This includes applicants with a current average grade below a 2:1 or equivalent.
What documents are required for the application?
You will need to include a degree transcript, two references, personal statement and if you wish to include them, your optional GMAT or GRE score. Overseas applicants should also supply evidence of their English language ability. Personal statements must include your preferred pathway.
When is the CAS (Confirmation of Acceptance of Studies) number issued? 
For more information regarding the issuing of Confirmation of Acceptance for Studies (CAS) numbers, please visit UCL’s offer holders FAQ’s page and see the section titled ‘immigration’. 
I have studied in English; do I need to take a language test?
Candidates may be exempt if they can show evidence of substantial education (minimum of twelve months) or work experience (minimum eighteen months) conducted in English in a 'majority English speaking' country and undertaken no more than three years prior to the proposed date of enrolment. More information on our English language requirements can be found on the prospective students pages.
I am going to take an English test later in the year, can I still apply now?
You may apply now for a place on a programme without a current English test as long as you send your qualification as soon as you receive it. If you are offered a place, it will be conditional on your providing evidence of English before the start of the programme
My referees are not able to provide references electronically; can I provide hard copy reference letters? 
No, references must be submitted online by your referees.
What are the fees for the programme?
Information regarding fees and costs can be found on the UCL Graduate Taught prospectus website.
I want to start the course in January, is this possible? 
No, we only have one intake a year in September.
How long is the course and what are the term dates?
The course lasts for a full calendar year from September to September. Postgraduate Taught Masters students are required to be in continuous attendance as the standard University term dates do not apply to them. Teaching finishes partway through Term 3, allowing students to prepare for exams and work on their final research project, though students are expected to remain in attendance at UCL until the programme end date in September. Term dates are available each year on the UCL website. As the programme is full-time and intensive, with a significant time commitment,  students are strongly recommended not to undertake employment alongside the programme as their academic commitments are necessarily expected to take priority.
Can I obtain a scholarship or funding?
Information about financial assistance is available here.
What careers support is available to students studying on this course?
Please visit the careers website for information regarding our dedicated careers support.
May I schedule an appointment with the Programme Administrator or Course Director to discuss my qualifications and interest in the programme?
Due to the extremely high volume of applications received, it is not possible for staff to meet personally with applicants before they have been given an offer of study.
My application has been unsuccessful. Can I find out why and request to be reconsidered?
Unfortunately, we are not able to give details on why a particular application has been unsuccessful, and cannot reconsider the decision.
Further Information
If you have any other questions regarding the programme that are not addressed on our web pages please email us.
Email: mgmt-mm@ucl.ac.uk
Telephone: (+44) 020 3108 6055
