Overview
Start date: September 2022Duration: 12 months full-timeFees: UK/EU/Overseas - £38,000Application deadline: Applications open on 18 October 2021 and close on 31 March 2022 (this is subject to change if the programme is filled before this date). Entry: Minimum of 2:1 or equivalent in a relevant discipline (International students - please note that UCL's English language requirements must be met (a 'Good Level' IELTS test is currently required for this programme)Coronavirus Information: See more information below
Programme
The UCL MSc Finance programme is a specialist Master’s degree designed for those targeting finance as a professional career.
This full-time programme is delivered by UCL School of Management and UCL’s Department of Economics, providing a study of finance underpinned by a blend of quantitative and qualitative components. It is based in UCL School of Management’s new home in Canary Wharf, the heart of London’s dynamic financial centre. It aims to provide individuals with the knowledge, understanding and skills to enable them to engage with specialist roles in the modern global financial industry. Such roles are likely to be within a range of organisations, including but not limited to; commercial banks, investment banks, asset management companies, hedge funds and private equity firms, insurance companies, credit rating agencies, fintech firms, broker/dealers, and boutique financial advisory companies. 
All participants study four core modules in Term One, providing a robust quantitative underpinning in key areas of finance. In Term Two, a further two core modules are studied, again reflecting a quantitative thrust. An elective portfolio is offered, with four elective modules which can be undertaken in Term Two and/or Term Three. The elective modules enable participants to develop their interests in a number of specialist areas. Additionally, in Term Three and during the summer, participants engage in the design, execution and delivery of a finance research project which will be supported by a compulsory 10-hour research methods module.
The optional modules listed are subject to change each year and are indicative only. Optional modules can change for a variety of reasons including but not limited to updated learning outcomes, lack of demand and resourcing. For questions about optional modules, please contact us at: mgmt-finance@ucl.ac.uk.
The syllabus for this programme takes place across three terms and the summer, and is outlined below:
Term One
Term Two
Term Three and Summer 2023

MSIN0103 Asset Pricing
MSIN0104 Introduction to Quantitative Finance
MSIN0105 Financial Econometrics  
MSIN0149 Corporate Finance               


MSIN0106 Time Series Analysis and Forecasting
MSIN0107 Advanced Quantitative Finance
MSIN0210 Hedge Fund Strategies (optional)
MSIN0224 Corporate Finance Practices (optional)
MSIN0226 Fintech (optional)
MSIN0229 Further Topics in Mathematical and Computational Finance (optional)
 
 


MSIN0209 Finance research project  
MSIN0208 Big Data Analytics (optional)
MSIN0225 Behavioural Finance (optional)
MSIN0227 Private Equity and Venture Capital (optional)
MSIN0228 Wealth Management and Private Banking (optional)
 

 
You can learn more about some of our modules on our YouTube channel
Programme dates
This programme is full-time for one year, starting in September 2022 and ending in September 2023.
All students must be in London prior to 26 September 2022, which is the first day of the first term.
Core and optional module lectures, and any workshops, normally take place on weekdays between 08:00 – 21.00 hours but may be scheduled for weekends, especially on Saturdays.
Applications
Student profile
Who is this programme designed for?
If you are passionate about finance and want to push yourself in your quest to forge a career in finance, or want to develop your knowledge of finance, this programme will be instrumental in achieving your goals.
MSc Finance students are expected to have basic knowledge in financial mathematics and econometrics, and should be motivated to take their knowledge to the next level. To get to that next level, we expect a great deal from our students, so if you choose to study with us, you can expect to be working hard, challenging yourself as we challenge you, and regularly finding yourself out of your comfort zone.
Our students come from different academic backgrounds including economics, finance, mathematics, mathematical economics, econometrics, economic theory, statistics, engineering, or any combination of thereof. Degrees from other disciplines may be considered if the applicant has a background in mathematics or econometrics.
While we do welcome students from a wide variety of backgrounds onto the programme, we stress to our applicants that this programme is highly mathematical and quantitative, so you should be prepared to be pushed in these areas. Should you be admitted onto the programme, you may wish to do some extra preparation in these areas to ensure your basic knowledge is on par with your peers. You can ask our team for more information about what to prepare for.
Applying to study MSc Finance
Applications for the 2022/23 academic year open on 18 October 2021.
Fees
The 2022-23 fees are available online. 
There are a number of different ways you can fund your graduate study. Take a look at the UCL fees and funding pages for details.
You can apply here.
Scholarships
UCL Scholarships
For central additional funding opportunities, please see scholarships and funding. 
Entry requirements
We look for students with drive, intelligence, passion, and the right aptitude. To ensure we enrol students who meet those four criteria, we use the following methods to assess applications.
Academic profile
Applicants should have a minimum of an Upper Second Class Bachelor’s Degree from a recognised UK University, or the overseas equivalent from a recognised higher education institution, in the following disciplines: economics, finance, mathematics, mathematical economics, econometrics, economic theory, statistics, engineering, or any combination thereof. Degrees from other disciplines may be considered if the applicant has an adequate background in mathematics or econometrics. Applicants who have not received their final undergraduate degree must be able to prove their current grade average is a 2:1 or equivalent. We will not consider applicants with a degree result lower than an upper second-class degree.
International Students may ascertain qualification equivalents from the UCL international students website. UCL Admissions check qualification equivalencies before forwarding application forms to our School. The UCL School of Management is unable to comment on international qualifications.
Professional statement
A professional statement is a key component of the application process and must accompany the initial application. The statement will capture and articulate the motivation to pursue the MSc Finance programme, demonstrating a clear interest in finance and economics, feeding into a statement of well-researched and grounded, short and long-term professional and personal objectives. We also require a copy of your CV.
Online maths test
Should you reach the next stage of the application process, we would invite you to complete a short online maths test. Please note that you do not need to prepare for this in advance.
Interview
Applicants who meet the entry requirements, provide an appropriate professional statement, and pass the online maths test will be invited for an online interview via WePow.
Relevant work experience
Demonstration of an appropriate academic background is essential. Experience in the finance and finance-related sector is beneficial but is not a prerequisite. Applications with work experience in fields other than finance will be considered on their merits.
International profile
Applicants should highlight any international experience they have, including international exchanges, trips, internships, fluency in languages other than their native one, and/or interest in other cultures. These attributes would be advantageous because applicants are likely to be working in a highly diverse and international environment.
English language skills
Applicants whose first language is not English must be able to provide evidence that their spoken and written command of the English language is adequate. UCL’s preferred English language qualification is the International English Language Testing System (IELTS). A ‘good level’ is required for MSc Finance, which means an overall grade of 7.0 with a minimum of 6.5 in each of the subtests. You can learn more about UCL's accepted English Language requirements here. 
Documentation
Qualifications which are requested to support an application, such as a 2:1 Bachelor’s degree or equivalent, will only be assessed once an application has been completed and submitted. The equivalency of overseas qualifications cannot be assessed until a full application with all supporting documentation such as degree transcripts, references, etc. has been submitted to UCL. We do not require GMAT/GRE scores - but applicants who have taken a test are encouraged to submit their results if they feel their score will strengthen their application - but students will need to pass a maths test provided by UCL to be eligible to receive a final admission letter. 
For more information regarding Confirmation of Acceptance for Studies (CAS) numbers for international students, please visit UCL’s international student visa pages. 
Contact
For further information regarding the MSc Finance programme, please contact the Programme Administrator via email at: mgmt-finance@ucl.ac.uk. For further information regarding applications application please see the UCL Postgraduate Admissions Website. 
Coronavirus Information 
Our top priority is the wellbeing and safety of our students and staff. The campus itself has been reconfigured in line with Government guidelines to ensure it is as safe as possible, with a wide range of safety measures in place. For advice and information concerning UCL’s response to the coronavirus outbreak, please visit UCL's prospective students Coronavirus (COVID-19) information pages. 
Why choose us
UCL
UCL is one of the world’s best universities, consistently placed in the global top 20 in a wide variety of world rankings.
Our Finance programme is unique in the UK. The modules provide you with an opportunity to develop strong quantitative and analytical skills, an in-depth understanding of how companies work, and a rigorous foundation in the key skills needed to build successful careers in global businesses.
UCL School of Management and the Department of Economics
The programme is delivered jointly by the School of Management and the Department of Economics.
UCL School of Management offers innovative undergraduate, postgraduate, and doctoral programmes to prepare people for leadership roles in the next generation of innovation-intensive organisations. The School works closely with global companies and innovative start-ups at the cutting edge of management and associated finance-related practice. The research performed in the UCL School of Management was rated as “world-leading” by the Research Excellent Framework (REF). The proportion of the School’s research rated as world-leading (4*) was the highest in the UK, together with London Business School and ahead of Imperial, LSE, Oxford and Cambridge.
The Department of Economics is the top department of economics in the United Kingdom (Research Excellence Framework “REF” 2014). The Department of Economics has an outstanding international reputation in key areas of current research. It is the only department of economics in the UK to have received the outstanding grade-point average of 3.78 (out of 4) in the 2014 REF with 79% of all indicators of output rated at the highest 4* level. The REF 2014 has ranked the Department of Economics at UCL as the top Department in the UK in the field of Economics and Econometrics, the top Department at UCL, and the top Department in any field in any university in the UK.
The Department gives students a thorough knowledge of cutting-edge techniques in theoretical and applied economics, utilising robust quantitative underpinnings.
MSc Finance
Organisations seek talent that can bring to the table core knowledge and critical thinking from the outset, and the MSc Finance programme is designed to equip ambitious students with the knowledge and skills to work for leading financial firms around the world.
The programme offers knowledge, understanding and skills in a range of areas critical to the effective functioning of current and developing finance-related applications. These included asset pricing, derivatives, valuation, risk, analytics, modelling, and portfolio management. 
On graduation, you will have a set of analytical skills, qualitative insights, an ability to work flexibly, creatively and internationally in a range of finance-related areas, including asset managers, investment banks, and management consulting firms. 
Careers
As London’s Global University, we at UCL are better qualified than most to realise that any organisation is only as strong as the individuals who work for it.
This, allied to the innovation and flexibility needed in today’s organisations, means that recruiting the right person has never been more important for employers.
The MSc Finance programme enables you to make an early and substantial contribution to your future employer. Each of our students are prepared for their future through career workshops, one-on-one advice, exclusive corporate events and access to our alumni community.
Whatever your nationality, experience or background, you will leave UCL equipped with the tools to become a high achiever in your chosen field.
As an MSc Finance student, you will benefit from a bespoke Careers and Employer Engagement programme and a dedicated careers team who will help you present yourself to leading graduate employers with confidence.
Our portfolio of careers support for MSc Finance students includes:
Individual career coaching sessions with Careers Consultants dedicated to the School of Management
Weekly careers and professional development workshops on topics including marketing yourself as a candidate, interviews, assessment centres and planning your next steps
Exclusive industry insight sessions and employer-led events, accessible only to School of Management students to help guide your career choice.
Access to UCL School of Management alumni keen to support you with your career
For further information on the Careers provision for UCL School of Management, please see our Careers page.
In addition to the bespoke activities within the School of Management, you also have access to the central UCL Careers provision. 
Every year over 1,000 employers/organisations attend events arranged by UCL Careers, including careers fairs, employer presentations and sector ‘themed weeks’, which may include employer forums, networking events, talks on how to get into the sector, and one-on-one advice sessions.

Our students go on to careers in a range of sectors; the most common destinations for our students are financial institutions of various types, banks, and consulting firms. Graduates from the MSc Finance programme have secures jobs in a variety of high-profile companies including:

Beiersdorf
Beijing Compass Technology Development Co Ltd
Capto
BOE
EY 
Industrial Security
InfraRed Capital Partners
Jupiter Asset Management Ltd
Macquarie Group
Management Solutions
Mouthwater
Palestine Investment Fund 
PGA  
Preqin Ltd
PwC 
SDH Co-operations
St Partners
...and many more
Video Library 

Register for more information
FAQs

How can I apply?
Applications to start the programme in September 2022 open on 18 October 2021. You can apply via UCL's online portal.
Can I find out if I am a suitable candidate for the programme before applying?
Unfortunately, we are not able to comment on a candidate’s suitability for the programme before we receive a completed application form. Our minimum entry requirements can be found above.
Will it improve my chances of being accepted if I apply for more than one MSc course?
No, in fact, if you apply for more than one MSc it will indicate that you are unfocused regarding your career ambitions and is more likely to lead to you being rejected for both courses. We currently offer a wide variety of MSc programmes, so please refer to the UCL course finder before applying to the MSc Finance, to define the programme which best suits your careers goals and ambitions.
I am an international student; how can I find out what the degree equivalency is for my home institution?
International Students may ascertain qualification equivalents from the UCL international students website. UCL Admissions check qualification equivalencies before forwarding application forms to our School. We are unable to comment on international qualifications.
I am currently studying and do not yet have my final results, should I wait to receive my transcript before applying?
If your predicted final results meet our minimum entry requirements, you can apply before receiving your final degree results. You should include details of your predicted results on your application form, and an official transcript of your results so far. If we are able to make you an offer of study, it will be conditional and you will need to prove that you meet the condition before the beginning of the course.
My degree results are just under a 2.1, can I be considered anyway? 
No, unfortunately, we are not able to consider any candidates below the minimum entry requirements. This includes applicants with a current average grade below a 2:1 or equivalent.
What documents are required for the application?
You will need to include a degree transcript in one of the suggested disciplines, two references, and a personal statement. Overseas applicants should also supply evidence of their English language ability usually via an IELTS test.
When is the CAS (Confirmation of Acceptance of Studies) number issued? 
For more information regarding the issuing of Confirmation of Acceptance for Studies (CAS) numbers, please visit UCL’s offer holders FAQ’s page and see the section titled ‘immigration’. 
I have studied in English; do I need to take a language test?
All candidates whose first language is not English require a minimum score of 7.0 with minimum scores of 6.5 in each of the subsets in the IELTS. All students whose first language is not English must take the IELTS. More information on our English language requirements can be found on the prospective student pages
I am going to take an English test later in the year, can I still apply now?
You may apply now for a place on a programme without a current English test as long as you send your qualification as soon as your receive it. If you are offered a place, it will be conditional on your providing evidence of English before the start of the course.
My referees are not able to provide references electronically; can I provide hard copy reference letters? 
References should be provided digitally by your referee unless this is not possible due to accessibility requirements in which case, please contact the UCL referees team for further information..
What are the fees for the programme?
Information regarding fees and costs can be found on the UCL Graduate Taught website.
I want to start the programme in January, is this possible? 
No, we only have one intake a year in September.
How long is the programme and what are the term dates?
The programme lasts for a full calendar year from September to September. Term dates are available each year on the UCL website. It is important to recognise that the programme involves study and engagement across all three terms, and across the summer.
Can I obtain a scholarship or funding?
Information about the School’s scholarships is available above. Information about financial assistance is available here.
What careers support is available to students studying on this programme?
Please visit the careers website for information regarding our dedicated careers support.
May I schedule an appointment with the Programme Administrator or Programme Director to discuss my qualifications and interest in the programme?
Due to the extremely high volume of applications received, it is not possible for staff to meet personally with applicants before they have been given an offer of study.
My application has been unsuccessful. Can I find out why and request to be reconsidered?
Unfortunately, we are not able to give details on why a particular application has been unsuccessful, and cannot reconsider the decision.

